all right everybody it's been a it's
been a long day but I hope a very
productive one and it is enclosing the
first day of Meridian I am so pleased to
present our next and final speaker
Danelle Dixon the executive director of
Denelle Dixon the executive director of
the stouts Ehlert development foundation
so thank you all very much and let's
give a really warm welcome to Janelle
[Applause]
hi everyone good afternoon I'm back as
they say so I thought I would start by
just mentioning that I joined SDF six
months ago last Friday so it's been a
journey for me I can't believe that it's
been six months and yet at the same time
I can't believe that it's only been six
months so there's a lot that I've
learned a lot that I've learned about
all of the work that you're doing a lot
that I've learned about Stellar and it's
been pretty phenomenal
so I worked at Mozilla for seven years
and at Mozilla which is my role just
prior to this I was the chief operating
officer I did a lot of work focused on
the open web focused on ensuring that
government's didn't have access to
technology with backdoors talking about
encryption and privacy and all of these
issues that our core tenants to the open
web transparency and so when Jed came to
talk to me and he talked to me about
this role as the executive director and
CEO I thought I had to reflect on how
all those things that I'm so passionate
about about openness and transparency
and fighting for the rights of the
humans that actually use the content
side of the web if all of those things
could be equally translated over here to
what we're doing here at SDF and what
we're doing with Stellar and good news
is it is so it's been a pretty wonderful
transition for me to see all of the work
that has already been done and frankly a
lot of the work that's done with respect
to blockchain technology it doesn't get
highlighted enough I don't know if
that's because of fear or ignorance
because of what regulators are concerned
about or because of history but one
thing I'll have to say is that I think
now is the time we need to actually
really focus on getting more regulators
involved understanding what we're doing
with blockchain now is the time
for us to come together and to develop
excuse me to develop this community and
to get all those out there to become
part of it I actually love one part of
what I've done over the last six months
in particular which is talking to those
folks who have concerns about blockchain
and about Stellar in particular those
naysayers out there that don't really
maybe understand the technology and one
thing I'll say is that you can overcome
a lot of those concerns when you have
facts and you have evidence and when you
have momentum and I think we have all of
that here and so I've had a lot of
success talking to folks maybe even to
some of those folks that I wanted to
bring on to SDF to be part of what we're
doing here to really engage them in the
value that we have in this ecosystem and
what we can do and what actually Stellar
and blockchain generally can deliver not
just in financial services but outside
of it so the underlying tenets of the
internet all those things that I really
fought so hard for for the last 15 17
years I think they're actually more true
in this space than in any other right
now standards openness the focus on not
creating trust through contracts but
creating trust through transparency
creating trust that exists because you
can actually see touch and feel those
are the things that the internet was
based on you know back in the day with
security they used to talk about you
don't have to know you don't have to
trust me you can audit the code the same
is true in this space even more so today
than it is on the on the content side of
the web and that's really exciting to me
and I think as a result of that we just
have so much that we can do in this
space but we have to continue to focus
on interoperability standards openness
transparency because if we do that it's
really hard to fight against the work
that we're trying to get here so I want
to just mention again I talked this
morning a little bit about SDF as a role
as the connector as the
the bringing folks together the convener
and because of the growth of Stellar and
what we've done here as a collective it
feels a lot like we're able to do that
not just through things like Meridian
but through all of our work and so I
reflected a lot on the role of Stellar
as we as we think about like what it is
that we're doing here what it is that
that the role of the Stellar development
foundation is as we get through this and
I think it's really important to to talk
about Stellar development foundation
itself instead of Stellar because many
of you know that we Shepherd the
codebase that we do lots of things but
many of you probably don't know the
details of what SDF is and so I thought
maybe I would go into that a little bit
first we're a non-profit why is that
important we don't have shareholders why
is that important there is not one
person who can actually benefit and who
actually gets a dividend or a payout
with respect to anything that the SDF
does that's important because that
should build trust - so that's a really
important fact that I want you to think
about the other thing is we're a tax
payer we actually pay taxes in the state
of California and at the federal
government and we're not a charity and
finally all of the capital that we have
at the SDF is actually used to support
and make Stellar than that work
successful so we talk about this as no
shareholder value no dividends no EBIT
ah no stock price focus none of those
like those things that you talk about
when you talk about corporate America we
don't have those things we have all we
have to think about is making Stellar
the global payment standard that's our
daily goal that's our quarterly goal
that's our annual goal that's our only
goal
so what we do is each of these things we
spend our time building and supporting
Stellar in the ecosystem we create
awareness and education around Stellar
and we develop and support Stellar use
cases so that these are the things that
we do today some we've actually done
better than others but this is what we
focus on we have it says 54 it's
actually wrong we have 55 we just hired
and he starts on Wednesday our chief
marketing officer which I know many of
you have been clamoring for us to get we
just hired him he starts on Wednesday so
it's 55 these are some of the titles of
the employees at the SDF we're across
eight countries we have an office in San
Francisco we have an office in Brooklyn
New York and we have people who are
located either as contractors and
employees all over the world and this is
important because our work is
representative of what all of these
people all over the world do we want to
be here for a really long time
supporting all of your work and so this
is something that I think it's good for
you to know so that you could access us
you can talk to us we have folks that
are focused on integration alone and
these are important jobs and important
roles for the SDF to play so now let's
talk about the role of the SDF in the
ecosystem and I did talk a little bit
about that as the convener and the
connector and I mentioned Meridian and I
really do think of the work that we do
is bringing the whole globe together so
all of you bringing all of you together
to be able to focus on the work that we
have ahead of us which is really
creating Stellar as the Global Payments
standard so there are things that we
think through about what is our role
today like how important is the SDF to
the ecosystem I'm going to tell you that
the role of SDF five years ago is very
different than the role it has today
we're no longer at the center
of the ecosystem which is super awesome
and this is one of the representations
the vote that occurred on October 28th
to regarding the inflation mechanism is
an important important example of
demonstrating the decentralization of
the network but also the role that SDF
plates we actually spent time looking at
the dev forums we saw the conversations
in Reddit on key base and it's our role
to sort of take the output from that and
make a proposal which is what we did and
then the vote happened on October 28th
and it fundamentally changed Stellar the
network and it was really cool because
it definitely shows that feedback loop
and how that feedback loop work loop
works we heard what you had to say we
put a proposal out based on the feedback
and the network the validators accepted
that proposal another important way to
determine our role is to think about
Franklin Templeton we learned about
Franklin Templeton's plans to build a
mutual fund on Stellar not from them we
got it from a Google Alert of all things
and it's demonstrates for me it was one
of the more exciting days because it was
like this is the way that this should
work things like this should happen
without people having to come to meet
with us and figure things out that means
that our documentation is better it
means that they have determined the
value of Stellar on their own that's
exactly the kind of thing that we want
to see in a decentralized network and
then if you look at the nodes and just
to think about the validator networks
today two years ago we couldn't pull our
validators off the network because it
wouldn't continue to run today it can
and this is going to get even better and
better as time as things progress so
from our standpoint this is a pretty
cool place for us to be and our role is
really solidified by all of you and the
work that all of you have done as that
convener as that connector so as we
started to think about all these things
and think about our role
we came together to think about what are
the next 10 years and what does that
look like for SDF and how do we actually
ensure that we're doing our job which is
to make Stellar successful to make it
the payment standard so not surprisingly
in doing this work we had to reflect on
what's working and what hasn't worked as
much as we would have liked so what it's
working is our tatka it's scalable you
guys are all contributing to it
our people we've built an awesome team
of folks who are not only committed to
the mission for SDF but are committed to
Stellar and that's awesome our community
building look at Meridian you guys all
came here to Mexico City to join us to
celebrate all the work that you have
done many excellent and promising
projects like IBM Axio reality bits
Satoshi Pei lobster Stellar X so many
more and our focus on decentralization
as I just went through we feel like
we've actually kind of cracked that nut
so what hasn't been working so much
our marketing some of you may say what
marketing so we just hired our CMO yeh
it's not marketing for SDF it's
marketing for Stellar marketing for all
of you partnership marketing as well as
network marketing our policy and our
focus on regulatory efforts we've done
so much better over the last six to
eight months and we're gonna get so much
better we have a General Council now
who's focused on this and we also are
hiring a head of policy who's going to
be focused on that from a global
standpoint our lumen distribution
through grants and air drops we've seen
some pretty awesome results and yet we
still hold a lot of lumens so from our
standpoint it's not working as well as
we'd like and our transparency around
SDF now tried to fix some of that today
but you can't just do it once and let it
sit there we got a
continue that so we're gonna focus a lot
more on telling you more about what
we're doing with the capital that we
have that wasn't me and about what we're
doing just holistically as an
organization that's our commitment to
you
so in reflecting on all of this and
thinking about the ten years we really
refocused our mission I mentioned this
earlier today creating equitable access
to the global financial system it's an
awesome mission as I mentioned I mean
awesome in the sense that it's big but
we're committed it we're committed to it
and we want to use not just Stellar but
all the work that you guys have done to
make this happen
and as we've reflected on it we also
thought about what are some of the
pillars that we need to put in play to
help us to say yes this is the thing
that we should do and then to help us to
say nope we shouldn't do this thing it's
not consistent with what we need to
focus on so we put these pillars
together and we're gonna flush them out
as an organization in more detail so
that we can put our own sort of goals
and operational support behind them but
this is how we want to be seen we want
to be the blockchain that people know
and trust not for our own good but for
the good of all of you we want you to be
comfortable building on it and knowing
that you're gonna be able to answer to
whatever regulatory bodies you need to
answer to we want you to feel
comfortable knowing that you can trust
the network and that therefore you can
tell others - we want to ensure
robustness and usability of Stellar
robustness and come encapsulate so many
things security stability scalability
all of those pieces foster and develop
real sustainable use case Stellar use
cases so some of these will do ourselves
a lot of them you're gonna do and we're
gonna help you and we're gonna help you
in ways that we have we're gonna help
you by marketing in ways that we maybe
haven't because we want this to be
successful so these are our pillars
these are the things that we think we
need to focus on and we think that these
things can actually help us say no too
many things so
now how do you make the plan happen so
let's first focus on our resources
whenever we spend money at SDF whether
it's to hire an engineer to put together
a marketing campaign to do any of those
things we have to ask ourselves is this
spent moving us closer to the adoption
of Stellar as the global payment
standard we consider that every time
that we do this so this is our question
that we ask ourselves every hire that we
make all the different things that we do
in the organization and then we think
about our resources and as many of you
know this is what our resources looked
like before I started this talk so there
were a hundred and five billion lumens
that existed in the world 20 of them
were out in the world 17 wherefore
sellers for SDF s operations and 68 were
reserved for the giveaway programs that
were administered by the the SDF so
Stellar isn't mind as most of you here
know so the lumens that are now in the
public hands are in the public hands
because we worked really hard to get
them in the public hands and we did that
over the last four and a half years as
for the other two allocations there's
been lots of thought about how we can
distribute these and how we need to work
on them but the network and the
community around Stellar are different
than they were when we first started
they're much more robust and SDF can
carry less weight now because of the way
or the network is so we're just a piece
of a much larger larger whole and the
funds that we use that we have need to
reflect that and so right before this
talk we burned 50 billion lumens
and the way that that breaks down is
that we burned five billion lumens from
the SDF operating fund so we have 12
billion there today or now we also
eliminated the Stellar world giveaway
program and the partnership program and
so 50 of those 68 billion lumens were
also burnt so these are the remaining
SDF lumens that exist as of this talk
so we believe that the number of lumens
now better aligns with our mission we're
not gonna burn any more lumens that's an
important point so all told as of now
there are 50 billion lumens that exist
in the world approximately 30 billion
are in the hands of SDF and I'm going to
go through how we broke those out and 20
billion remain in the public this new
mandate reflects our desire to do more
of what has worked at SDF and for
Stellar and less of what hasn't worked
so let's dive a little deeper into this
from an operation standpoint you know it
wasn't until really this year that we
started hiring human capital which
frankly is the most important capital
that we have at the SDF it's the team of
55 people that do all of the work to
help to support Stellar and so many of
the folks that were out there in the
world that would have before maybe
received grants partnership grants are
now employees of the SDF and are
committed to the mission of Stellar I'm
excusing the mission of the SDF and to
support Stellar and so we're going to
continue to exercise that same standard
that I mentioned before which is just
spending this lumen on our operations on
the human capital on the office space on
marketing on all of these different
things that we need to do are they is it
moving us closer to Stellar becoming the
global payment standard so we're going
to continue to do that with the 12
billion lumens that we have we're also
going to and we actually are going to
issue a blog post right at the end of
this talk which has a lot more detail so
that you can read about it but we're
also going to lock these lumens up for
three billion a year for the next four
years so that the SDF lumens that we use
for operations will release in
mechanism over that time period so let's
talk about the partnerships what was
previously the partnerships program
we've broken that up into two so we have
the ecosystem support we have a lot of
great work that's been done with respect
to infrastructure grants and the
community fund and those are going to
continue with 1 billion of the lumens
that we have now I should have also said
that each of these are going to be set
in accounts that are going to be public
so that folks can see them and you can
see when lumens are being utilized for
these different projects or these
different programs that we have and so
we also have currency support for things
like anchors or supporting the quiddity
in the market these are things that'll
come out of a currency support bucket of
1 billion and then we have this new
program that is the use case investment
where we've set aside ten billion xlm
and what that's for is 2 billion of it
will be used for the SDF to be able to
build new products and use cases as we
help to fill in pieces of the network
that we think need the support and we'll
also that'll also show that will also
have its own account and be visible to
folks as they go through it as we start
using the funds and then the Enterprise
Fund which is a slight twist and I think
a better way to think about partnership
grants because what we can do with this
Enterprise Fund now is we can actually
take equity in companies we can acquire
companies and we can hold them as part
of this enterprise fund but we can
actually have more control and ability
to dictate what happens with respect to
Stellar and their use of Stellar and the
movement of those companies in to an on
to the Stellar network so our intention
is and then the and then any companies
that we acquire will be held in the name
of SDF but it'll all return back into
this enterprise fund any monies that are
that are collected as a result of it
remember we're a non-profit or a non
shareholder so there's no entity there's
no one person here
who gets access to any of the dividends
from this but these are I think this is
a really interesting way for us to be
able to help to support the ecosystem in
a different and new way
and then the old giveaway program which
frankly I think had some really
wonderful success but again like to get
the sixty eight more billion lumens out
there in the world it was just going to
be hard given what we've already seen
and the challenge that the challenges
that we faced some of them just
technical challenges and some of them
just getting them into the hands of
humans
well four billion of those are going to
continue to go into the hands of humans
we're gonna focus on using applications
that are out there building on Stellar
those we can put funds into those
applications so that they can actually
just get into human hands and be useful
to the network and to all of your work
that you're doing so that's that part of
it and then the two billion as I
mentioned is marketing support and
that's marketing for Stellar but also
marketing for the partnerships that come
and build on Stellar those businesses
those developers who are focused on
building on Stellar we're gonna work
with them you all of you we're gonna
partner with you to actually promote all
the work that you're doing so that's
what that's gonna go so here is what it
looks like again and again there will be
a blog post too so that you can take a
look at it again this isn't the last
time you'll see this and then a one
question that I think we're gonna have
to answer is why burn it all well we
didn't start by saying we wanted to burn
we actually started by saying what do we
need
what does Stellar need and what is SDF
need to be able to provide those things
to Stellar we had a very focused
arrangement around only keeping what we
actually could use because part of the
challenge that we've had and this this
this weight not just on Stellar but the
ecosystem was it as much as we wanted to
use the lumens that we held it was very
hard to get them into the market so that
was the first premise of why burn at all
and the second one is you don't derive a
plan from some arbitrary number and so
if we just took the 105 billion lumens
and then tried to derive a plan from it
that just doesn't
like that's actually feeding the need
that we have to do for the ecosystem and
so we really thought we did a bottoms-up
analysis and we thought what is it that
we need and then how do we get there so
that's how we approached it and we were
very careful in terms of plotting the
next ten years so now that we have our
mission we have our pillars these
strategic pillars that can help us to
say yes and no and we have all of you
and all the work that you're doing and
we have right size the amount of capital
that we have available to us and to the
ecosystem we feel we're like we're
poised for success so I want to say
again thank you to all of you for coming
here to Mexico City to join us at
Meridian thank you for being a part of
our ecosystem there are any naysayers
out there in the crowd I'm happy to talk
to you and convince you about the facts
the evidence and the momentum of us
moving forward because I'm convinced and
we're going to call that an afternoon
[Applause]
so now I'm gonna bring Jed up here and
we're gonna allow questions if any of
you have questions we have about 10
minutes or so we're taking away your
happy hour time but this is important we
liked for Meridian to be an annual
conference yes
here's the microphone go ahead now that
it's on target
now that you have rice right sighs as
you said the amount of capital and you
have vested those 12 billion over the
next four years the natural question is
what happens after four years well I
think that what we did is we blocked
them up three billion a year for the
next four years that doesn't mean
they're all gonna be put into the into
the public at that point but I mean
honestly the goal of the SDF was to be
able to put those out as quickly as
possible and so if there's some way that
we could get them out there that would
be beneficial to the network but the ten
years like this you don't just blow all
your capital in a four year period you
got to think about Treasury gotta think
about how you're gonna sustain an
organization like this so that's our job
like to figure that part out it doesn't
mean four years from now that before
four years from now we just say all
right we're closing it down
absolutely not we're in this for the
long haul but we just need to think
about how we're gonna do that towards
the future
one of the most important parts of
Stellar's that decentralized exchange
but I think the liquidity so low that
boosted up there any plans to
incentivize market makers we actually
already started making a market between
Nigeria and the US and we have that's
part of the liquidity piece that I
mentioned in the end points yeah I mean
I mean we try to incentivize that to
some degree I mean a lot of it will come
from just getting more users on
exchanges like Stellar port or Stellar X
things like that but yeah it's it's a
process so so several years ago you made
a concerted effort to not perform
non-for-profit I think all of us agree
that was the perfectly right decision so
what do you think isn't the biggest
challenge and opportunity going forward
to actually create an open financial
global system well there's a lot of
challenges I mean it's obviously that's
a very big mission I mean I think one of
the first things that we're trying to
address is how do we achieve Network
effects because this technology is not
very useful unless there's a lot of
different participants so how do we get
the first use cases on and that that's a
lot of what we'll talk about tomorrow so
yeah I think that the we call it the
chicken and egg problem is the largest
problem but I feel I don't know and
maybe I'm just drinking my own kool-aid
here but I do feel like we're on the
precipice of success for all of those
things and then you just need to get
user adoption so I feel like we all can
come together to try to make that happen
but I do think it's this whole network
like building the network in a way that
is gonna bring everybody to the table at
the same time it seems like Global
payment rail and remittances are kind of
the Courtney's case tellers have been
solving very well I was attracted to it
because of the developer Doc's thought
they were phenomenal so what do you guys
hope to see the community develop from
maybe a consumer application or what are
some non remittances or Global payment
style apps that you'd like to see built
yeah I mean there's a whole host of
things you can do on Stellar and I think
one of the most exciting things for me
is like like hearing about projects that
I didn't anticipate or imagined before
like for instance today someone showed
me this app where you can have people
bid on advertising it in a space like we
could have a thing here and people could
like bid on it and things like that like
just kind of novel things that you don't
really think of it or not that easy to
do prior to Stellar world so I don't
really have anything in particular in
mind other than just I know that I'll be
surprised by the people that the things
that people build on there and I'm
excited by that so so I think one of the
things we could do better from the
community standpoint is because I don't
have an application in specific but I
think the community working together to
get to know more of what's happening in
the community because I actually think
that all of you can support one another
once you find out what's happening on
Stellar like this thing that he just
heard about like we can actually build
those things together so we're gonna do
our own brand of like bringing the
community together but I do think it's
like being inquisitive as I mentioned
this morning why do people build on
Stellar is a good question to ask but
also what are they building and I think
once you find that out you can see that
that network effect happens when you
actually think about it from the
community standpoint
all right so we've been part of the
community since 2016 and we've built a
platform on top of Stellar now we are
based in London originally we've just
relocated to Amsterdam and one of the
things we still keep getting when we
attend events or networking events in
space is we mentioned were built on
Stellar and many people go like why
Stellar and or we got the what is
Stellar is there any plan in the market
in for more like standardized or like I
guess a better arrangement for companies
such as ours or even though the
developers who actually are attending
events or want arrange events to sort of
promote Stellar with official support
from the SDF yeah I mean that's part of
the marketing piece it's also just part
of the questions that we need to ask
ourselves at SDF and ask all of you as I
just mentioned why build on Stellar it's
different for every different like a use
case it's different as to the why there
are some things that are consistent you
know the speed the security the
scalability all those things are
consistent but we need to figure out
like what is the use kit why does it
work for your use case and we need to
promote that and so get people talking
about that so that is part of the work
of our chief marketing officer that we
just hired super happy he actually just
we closed the hire on Saturday and he is
going to start on Wednesday so we'll
have a lot of focus on that and and
we'll have it in materials that you that
everyone can use it's not secret to us
this is like beneficial for the
ecosystem at large so we want to help
you with that
I guess ah could you tell us a little
bit more how does the regulatory
thinking fit into some of the roadmap
and the plans for for Stellar
interstellar I would be curious to hear
a little bit more about some of the
potential hurdles did you foresee and
what are you doing to to address those
so I'll start and Judd can jump in on
this like from the standpoint of
regulatory like part of the hurdle that
we have is that we actually haven't done
the best job of it before when we go and
we've spent I think we've gone to DC now
since I've been here I think four times
three or four times and when we do and
we talk to policymakers and regulators
and this is just in DC and we need to
actually make this global because it's
not just this government that's
important in the United States it's
actually other governments that are
equally important but when we do and we
talk to them about Stellar and the
differences and just even the structural
difference between what SDF is and then
what Stellar is and what Stellar does
it's kind of like a light bulb to them
because it's unique one of the things
that I learned when I was at Mozilla
that was really important is that when I
would talk to regulators and I spent a
lot of my career doing that and
policymakers it was from the standpoint
of an entity that cared not just about
its own products but an entity that
cared about the ecosystem at large so
the web and by the way we also were
building a consumer product in the
market and so it was helpful from the
regulatory bodies for them to understand
that we have a very similar look and
feel here we are a non-profit we have
the notion of not just like the success
of SDF because frankly SDF would be
nothing if Stellar wasn't successful and
so we have the focus on what Stellar is
which is all of you and so I think that
we have an opportunity to get through
the first regulatory hurdle which is the
education piece because as I said and
just a little bit ago like I feel like
so much of this is about blockchain and
the resistance to it is it because of
history and a little bit because of fear
of the word blockchain and then that
cryptocurrency word gets thrown in there
and everybody just doesn't know what to
do and so I think that it's these kinds
of things that we need to talk through
like the truth of the matter is the
network layer doesn't have to be
regulated and shouldn't it's very much
like the Internet and all of the
entities that touch via are already
regulated and so we shouldn't have a lot
of regulatory hurdles but
the focus on consumer protection for
regulators not just in the US but
outside and every other country is a big
one and we need to tell them why that's
okay why consumers are going to be okay
and we need to show that to them so one
of the things that we pointed to in the
pillars is for us to focus on to be the
blockchain people know and trust and
that trust mechanism comes from also
getting governments to understand that
we can be trusted also this network can
be trusted in the people that build on
it have opportunity to be able to create
that trust with their consumers so I
feel like their hurdles but we can
achieve them we can overcome them and
then of course there's like regulation
and we just need to focus on the right
regulation and really advocate for the
good parts and explain why the bad parts
don't work so kind of a different kind a
different kind of question
I would ask you if you could do you
consider yourself as being an
environmentally friendly and responsible
enterprise because of the fact that
you're doing something using a
technology that an algorithm that is not
as power consuming as Bitcoin or other
technologies yeah I mean I kind of think
about that inverse where like the
default is to not you know burn you know
tons and tons of coal or whatever kind
of power needs to power the thing but
yeah so I but we're definitely have way
less environmental impact than something
that requires mining
anyone else
I can't see
okay
now
I can't see like way up there
Hey
this whole place is male-dominated if
you're looking to do more marketing if
you're targeting mass adoption
you are missing half of the population
and how do you address the issue in a
blocking space this is not just Stella
conference this is just everywhere in
blockchain obviously and maybe I don't
have to say this obviously something
that's near and dear to my heart and
it's not just in blockchain it's
actually in tech generally so I've
experienced it for most of my career
so I'll just say at the SDF we're hyper
focused on inclusiveness not just from a
gender standpoint but from lots of
different ways that we think about being
inclusive and so we focused our hiring
that way I think that we would love to
see more gender equality in this space
that's a lot of work that you guys need
to do she's right you look around here
not as many women as we would like to
see we need to get that to be higher
we're gonna do our part to do that by
supporting all companies not companies
that are just created and developed by
men but companies that are created and
developed by women and every other kind
of diversity that you can think of so
that's our part but I think it's a I
think it's a request to all of you to do
the same and I think that in order to
make this whole ecosystem better you do
have to think representative of all the
different players out there that are
your ultimate consumers in the space and
I gotta say women are an awful lot of
them so it's work that we can do
collectively and we need to spend the
time and effort to do that and we're
gonna do it so I'm committed to that
ourselves
[Applause]
all right thanks everyone
alright alright thanks so much everybody
it's given us a lot to talk about over
some drinks which you will find where
you had lunch thank you guys so much for
a very successful day one at Meridian
and I had a great time with networking
and drinks